just about sets ago they're in the gate
they're all in line and even money on
private zone in the Gulf Stream mark
handicap valid started well in the far
outside private zone with his normal
early speed and these two are gonna go
out together private zone and valid to
the front and they're well clear their
competition they've opened up a five
length lead on the rest of the field
already headed by East Hall and then
it's wicked strong to the inside then
lover bill and honor code finds himself
well behind early he's eleven lengths
off the lead twenty three and to the
opening quarter mile up the backstretch
private zone is the leader by a length
valid to the outside keeps the pressure
on with five furlongs to go and now cuts
that lead down to a neck it's five links
back to wicked strong goes up running in
thirty stall his fourth lover bill fifth
and honor code is twelve links behind
with a half mile to go in private zone
and valid are going at it through a
forty five and four half mile these two
continue to race a neck apart as they
round the far turn there are six links
ahead of wicked strong and then it's
lover Bill East Hall has dropped back an
honor code is still the trailer and
valid is dead even now on the outside of
private zone these two will come to the
top of the stretch together and now
honor codes on a roll outside of wicked
strong three-quarters in 110 flat there
into the stretch
private zone invalid and they're still
going at it valid in private zone for
links back wicked strong and honor code
and they're both coming and here they
both come enough far outside honor codes
charging down the center of the track
trying to get valid and private zone the
three of them will come to the wire
together and got there rotting down
private zone valid and wicked strong and
a Gulfstream Park handicap honor code
with a huge winner here in the
Gulfstream Park handicapped dead last
early on he wasn't even on the screen on
the back stretch and just launches this
giant move down the stretch huckle Lopez
look back like he had the five put away
but again the grittiness and the
toughness of private zone left-handed
urging by carlos marques but when these
two horses hooked up wicked strong and
honor code started launching an honor
code Wow from way out of it
once it's reached by a half a leg if he
watched private zone run you done your
homework you knew he likes about he won
two var Spurs been down by a head inside
the sixty he loves a battle like that